c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Appium.Net.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\SeleniumExtras.PageObjects.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\users\z003uspy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.dll
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.interfaces.dll
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.pdb
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\z003uspy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\UnitTestProject1\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.interfaces.pdb
